Approve multiple candidates with a single signature (#1191)
paritytech/polkadot-sdk: polkadot/roadmap/implementers-guide/src/protocol-approval.md

TODO: When?  Is this optimal for the network?  etc.

## Approval coalescing
To reduce the necessary network bandwidth and cpu time when a validator has more than one candidate to approve we are
doing our best effort to send a single message that approves all available candidates with a single signature.
The implemented heuristic, is that each time we are ready to create a signature and send a vote for a candidate we

> delay the sending of it untill one of three things happen:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
delay sending it until one of three things happen:
```

> - We gathered a maximum of `MAX_APPROVAL_COALESCE_COUNT` candidates that we are ready to vote for.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- We gathered a maximum of `MAX_APPROVAL_COALESCE_COUNT` candidates that we have already checked and we are ready to sign approval for.
```

> - `MAX_APPROVAL_COALESCE_WAIT_TICKS` have passed since the we were ready to approve the candidate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `MAX_APPROVAL_COALESCE_WAIT_TICKS` have passed since checking oldest candidate and we were ready to sign and send the approval message
```

> - We are already in the last third of the now-show period in order to avoid creating accidental no shows, which in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We are already in the last third of the no-show period in order to avoid creating accidental no-shows, which in
```

>   turn my trigger other assignments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  turn might trigger other assignments.
```
